In this lesson, I introduced you to the basics of cloud computing,
discussing characteristics like pay as you go and
auto-scaling where resources grow and shrink on demand.
I taught you about the serverless concept which simply
means that the cloud provider manages servers for you.
We discussed the AWS and its global infrastructure containing regions,
AZs, and edge locations.
I highlighted the shared responsibility model.
Remember, AWS is responsible for security of the Cloud,
we are responsible for security in the Cloud.
Next, I will teach you about servers and compute power in the Cloud.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6